I'll see who dares to touch him
Who is the owner?
How dare you be the envoy of the God of War Hall
This is battle armor
It's not something ordinary people can wear.
Is he also from the Temple of War? Who are you?
Why are you wearing my war temple magnolia armor?
Contemporary Mulan
Tang Ying God of War
I didn't expect it to be him
Master He, you are a singer
What Qin Fang offended was the War God Temple
You think you are wearing a mountain costume
Can you protect him?
Tang big boy
You are so shameless
The broken shoes I don't want are worth your maintenance.
Do you know who is standing in front of you?
That's from the Temple of War
Information
Iron is worth paying for him so wholeheartedly
shut up
Dare to say one more word
Believe it or not I'm torn to pieces
You have to protect him
That's right, if you want to die, please come
Do you really think I'm a warrior to bully him?
Kill him
Come morning